The cp command is the command used in file/directory copy operations. The first parameter in the cp command is the path of the file/directory to be copied. The second parameter is the target path.It is possible to copy nested directories with the cp command. The "-r" parameter should be used for this operation
The echo command is the command used for printing to the screen.When the echo command and redirection operators are used together, printing to the file can be done. These operators are the “>” and “>>” operators. The “>” operator prints the value of the parameter given to the echo command to the file in the parameter that follows it.When printing to a file with the “>” operator, if the target file does not exist, it is created and the content is saved in the created file.If you want to keep the old text by adding to the end of the existing file content, the “>>” operator should be used. 
The more command is a command that allows reading the contents of long files.In this section, the beginning of the file content is on the screen. The expression “%” in the lower-left indicates which part of the file is read as a percentage. There are two conveniences for reading in this interactive environment. These are the "Enter" and "Space" keys on the keyboard. The file can be read by scrolling down line by line with the "Enter" key. A new page comes up with the "Space" button.Pressing the "q" key is sufficient to exit the interactive environment that opens with the application of “more” command.                                          
The wc command is a command that counts the number of lines, the number of words and the number of characters in the file content. Command wc -l is to count number of line,Command wc -w is to count number of words, Command wc -m number of character. For example, wc -l wordlist.txt.
The head command is the command used to see the lines at the beginning of the file. The “-n” parameter of the head command allows to see any number of lines
The tail command is the command used to see the lines at the end of the file. The "-n" parameter of the tail command allows to see the desired number of lines 
The grep command is a command to search within a file. The word/words to be searched are given as parameters
The sort command is the command to sort the contents of the file alphabetically. 
The uniq command is used to reduce successive same values ​​to a single value in the file content.If all repetitive words, including all non-sequential words in the file content, are wanted to be printed on the screen once, sorting should be done first by applying the sort command, and then the uniq command should be applied. It is possible to do all these operations with a single command. "|"(pipe) sign should be used to perform this operation with a single command. The pipe(“|”) sign allows you to give the output of one command as input to another command. Pipe(“|”) gives the output of the command on the left as input to the command on the right. 
The date command is the command that displays the system's date and time.
The uptime command is the command that shows how long the system has been up.
The history command is the command that shows the history of commands executed on the command line
The find command is the command used in file searches. With the find command, you can find out whether the searched file exists under a certain directory. For example, let's see if the file named "message" exists under the "training" directory: find ../training/ -name message. It is also possible to search for a specific file type with the find command. For this, the "-type" parameter should be used. For example find ../training/ -type d -name letsdefend. As seen, it was specified that a directory(d) type search will be made for the type parameter. The searched directory was found successfully.
The file command is the command that shows the file type. In Linux, file extensions are represented. It is the header information of the file that determines the file type. The file command determines the file type according to the header information and prints it to the screen. 
